Previously in this lesson,
we talked about using encryption to protect our data stored in S3.
The importance of ensuring that S3 buckets are configured securely cannot be understated.
The vast majority of Cloud data breaches in
the last few years consisted of private data being leaked from S3 buckets.
I'd like to go over a few additional best practices around
ensuring that S3 buckets are configured securely.
For S3 buckets containing mission critical data ensure that you enable object versioning.
Object versioning allows each version of a data object to be saved in an S3 bucket.
Attackers often attempt to exfiltrate data from storage and
then delete or corrupt the data in order to hold the original data for ransom.
This is known as a ransomware attack,
and enabling versioning can protect your business against this type of attack.
Be sure to enable versioning with multi-factor authentication on
delete to protect S3 objects from unauthorized deletion.
Where possible, block the ability to open
bucket and object permissions to allow public access.
This can be done at an account level for all buckets or for a specific bucket.
Exceptions to this recommendation include hosting static websites in S3.
I recommend you provision S3 buckets which require public access in separate accounts and
block public access at the account level for other accounts which hold sensitive data.
If applications running in your Cloud environment need to access S3 buckets,
consider setting up VPC endpoints for your S3 buckets.
VPC endpoints allow API calls from applications to
stay in the private VPC space without need to access the internet.
This will allow you to block any requests to S3
that do not originate from your VPC network.
Use S3 bucket policies to define and
enforce permissions on specific S3 buckets and objects.
S3 bucket policies add an additional layer of protection on top of IAM policies.
With S3 bucket policies,
you can write statements that allow you to control who can access the S3 bucket,
what actions that they can take,
and what specific resources that statement applies to.
Similar to IAM policies,
you can also add additional conditions to any requests made to the buckets.
Let's look at a few examples of bucket policies.
You can use S3 bucket policies to restrict access to specific IAM users or roles.
They can also be used to allow restricted access to data objects from other AWS accounts.
S3 bucket policies can be used to enforce object encryption on right.
S3 bucket policies can also be used to restrict actions to specific VPC endpoints,
so that the bucket can only be accessed from within your VPC.
Combining a good encryption strategy with the S3 best practices that we looked at,
will ultimately lead to your data being secure and protected in the Cloud.